chore: Add config for enabling SMJ with join condition (#937)
apache/datafusion-comet: docs/source/user-guide/configs.md

| spark.comet.exec.shuffle.enabled | Whether to enable Comet native shuffle. Note that this requires setting 'spark.shuffle.manager' to 'org.apache.spark.sql.comet.execution.shuffle.CometShuffleManager'. 'spark.shuffle.manager' must be set before starting the Spark application and cannot be changed during the application. | true |
| spark.comet.exec.sort.enabled | Whether to enable sort by default. | true |
| spark.comet.exec.sortMergeJoin.enabled | Whether to enable sortMergeJoin by default. | true |

> | spark.comet.exec.sortMergeJoinWithJoinFilter.enabled | Experimental support for SMJ with join condition | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| spark.comet.exec.sortMergeJoinWithJoinFilter.enabled | Experimental support for Sort Merge Join with filter | false |
```
